Kate: Previously on
"Workin' Moms".
- We have let this go
long enough.
We need to, like,
hug and communicate.
- Did Anne give you more drugs?
- Did you or did you not
want me to come onto you?
- Marvin this was just some
harmless office flirting.
Get a hold of yourself.
Anne: My Nanny has bonded
with my daughter
more in a week than
I have in nine years.
- So, you in, Kate?
- Let the best man win.
- Your words not mine, man.
(Baby coos)
- Something I like to do
is just a gentle bicycle
with the legs.
And not only does
this feel dynamite
in their little quads
and hammies,
but it also helps them
to release gas. (Baby farts)
- Speaking of massage;
Kate what's going on here?
Kate: Oh, that?
That's just the most amazing
rub down I've ever had.
- I can't even imagine.
- What, you've never had
a massage before?
- I mean, not in years.
I, uh... I don't think I could
enjoy it anymore
because I am just
too preoccupied.
- With what?
Boiling your diva cup?
- Okay, take your thumbs
and trace little circ--
- No, Anne, with the fact that
I have so much to do everyday.
You know, doing the laundry,
cleaning the house,
making baby food.
- See if you weren't making
baby food
maybe you could go
for a massage.
- Everyday I take, like,
20 minutes
just to think or dance
or, I don't know,
clean my cow figurines,
whatever. Something.
- I tell my family
that I have IBS,
so I can lock myself in the
bathroom and play Candy Crush.
- Jenny, what is the filter
that you use in your selfies?
- I don't use filters.
- Really? Wow.
- Well, I've made the conscious
choice
not to be on social media.
Anne: Oh, good for you, Sheila.
All: (positive reactions)
Kate: Let's throw her a parade.
♪♪♪
- Will there just be one ball
that all our parents
will share from?
- What?
- Here, like this.
- Ah, smaller. Hm-hmm.
- All right what time are you
gonna be home tonight?
- Uh, no later than four,
five, latest. I promise.
- Well, you better be home
for dinner.
The last time you left me alone
with your parents
it was the worst.
- When I gave birth to Charlie?
- The small talk
was excruciating.
- Fair enough.
- Remember when you told me to
throw out this box of junk?
- I do, yeah.
- Well, I didn't throw out this
box of junk.
I hid it in the crawl space.
- Oh, thanks for your constant
reminder
that I married the right man.
- Did you ever!
Guess how much my VHS copy
of "Beauty and the Beast"
is worth?
Uh, negative 10 cents?
- Uh, try positive $500.
- What?! What kind of nutjob
pays $500 for VHS?
Can you please take Jamye
with you?
- Oh, uh, funny, you know,
studies have said
that crying babies really muck
up a business transaction--
- Lionel!
- But I'm gonna take her
'cause I love her
and I'm a good father. Yes.
Let's go meet Herb.
Hopefully he's not a murderer.
Yes. Yes.
Okay, bye, mommy.
- Lionel?
- Yeah.
- You will take her out
of the box
and put her in the car-seat,
right?
- Yeah.
(Door creaks open)
- Where's Daddy going?
- Jesus Christ, you scared me.
- Sorry for living.
- Daddy and Jamye went to sell
junk to a man named Herb.
- Gross.
- So I guess it's just me
and you today.
- Fun.
(Apple crunches)
- Looking good sugar butt.
- What are you doing?
- C'mon don't worry,
I won't put it in.
- Put what in what?
- Your sweet ass in my
Kickstarter video.
For my movie.
- The movie about fat vampires?
(Blender whirs)
- Did you listen
to anything I said?
My new screenplay is about
stay at home dads.
- Are the dads vampires?
- No. Also, not a bad idea.
- I can't believe you're making
a Kickstarter.
You really think people
are gonna give you money.
- Yeah. You said you
were gonna help.
- I was planning on going
to yoga.
- You don't need yoga, baby,
if anything, yoga needs you.
Come on, it'll be fun.
You, me, Zoe.
- Fine I'll help you.
You don't have to guilt me,
I'll do it.
- All right!
Zoe!
(Phones ring)
- Ugh, okay, I was test driving
the clients bike.
It's a fixed gear bike.
Did you know they
don't have brakes?
- Yeah, Carl,
everybody knows that
they don't have brakes.
- Hey, you know what didn't
have breaks last night?
- Uh-oh.
- This guy.
Too bad I wasted it on a seven.
- Did you guys smash?
- Chad could you refrain from
speaking millennial in here?
- Come on, you guys
know what "smash" is.
It's like tap that.
- You're talking about sex?
- Yeah, just like, less sad.
- It sounds very violent.
- What do you people call it?
- Sex. Mo?
- I don't know. Guess I'd say,
uh, we banged.
Got it on. Laid some pipe.
- Like you could ever do
anything as masculine
a plumbing.
(Chad laughs)
Carl, what's your smash?
- Uh, make love.
(All laugh)
- As enlightening as this is,
let's, let's get down to work.
- Agreed.
- Okay.
Uh, Carl, So do you want my
specified notes right now?
- Yes I do. Yeah.
- Chad, actually,
you can hang onto those notes
because you'll be making
the presentation.
- Oh, I-I though I was?
- Yeah. Uh, Carl, seeing
as you broke your face
on the bike last night,
I'm gonna keep you away
from the clients.
- Yeah, so, uh...
I don't know about that,
I've never pitched before.
- You can handle it, man.
- Yeah, man,
you're gonna smash it.
(Door creaks open)
(Car door opens)
- Please, come into my office.
(Car door shuts)
Can I offer you a refreshment?
Look, I got chips, gum,
I'm pretty sure this is a juice.
You clearly love that place.
If you wanna make a move, Nora,
this is the time.
- I just, I feel rushed.
- Mm-mm, no. We keep coming
back here, right?
That means something.
Seventh times a charm, right?
- I don't know.
- Is this gum's cinnamon?
- Hm-hmm.
- It's burning my mouth.
- Is your body trying
to tell you something?
You ready to make a move?
Hm-hmm.
- 'Kay.
- Uh-ha.
- I'll do it. Put in my offer.
- Woo-yeah, come on,
let's do this.
All right. Okay. Hold please.
(Laughs, keys tap)
And it is sent.
- Oh God, I feel regret.
- Don't. Don't do that.
You are gonna thrive here,
Nora.
- You're right.
- Yeah. This is gonna mean good
things for you.
(Cell phone pings)
- You didn't get the house.
- What?! Oh-no, oh-no, oh-no.
- Look, can I be real with you?
Never saw you in that house.
- What?!
- No, you, you think that you
think inside the box,
but I think that you think
outside the box.
Listen, got a little gem that
I've had in my back pocket
for a few months now.
Don't tell anybody.
Want to see the little gem
that's in my back pocket?
It's a gem.
- I don't mind seeing the gem
in your back pocket.
- Yeah-yeah-yeah, right.
Let's blow this joint.
(Engine starts and whirs)
(Video game pings and crackles)
(Anne laughs)
Game: Juicy!
Alice: Watch out.
Meany Corn is coming.
Quick, we've gotta get out
of here before it's too late.
(Door creaks open)
Alice: We must save Pretty Corn.
If only Bravy Corn were here,
he could help us.
(Unicorns clomp against table)
♪♪♪
(Video game sounds)
(Sighs)
- Well, how do we look?
- You look fine.
Can I press record?
- You ready?
I'm ready, all right.
(Record button beeps)
Hi, I am Ian Mathews,
and I am a stay at home dad.
Every morning I wake up and I
get to bond with my daughter.
We take walks together,
we eat meals together
and we chat.
It's the most beautiful
relationship I've ever had.
There's nothing that makes me
feel like more of a man
than being a mother
to my daughter.
- All right, Chad,
you got this.
(Preparatory breath)
- Specified bikes are famous
for their specified ability
in tackling mountain ranges.
- You sound like a little
bitch. Confidence.
- It's important to note
when you're riding
through the city
to be aware of the urban
environment.
That-that's why we've planned
a series of bike riding--
- Dude, they know this already.
This is not how you
get it in with a client.
- Look, I'm just warming up,
okay? I'm teasing the tip.
- Oh.
- It's Saturday.
We all have better things to do
than watch you tease the tip.
- You know what?
Why don't you just do it?
- Yeah. All right. Thank you.
- Will you give the kid
a chance, please?
- Chad, you're gonna do great.
Uh, just think of the client
as a buddy,
and you're going for a beer
with the buddy--
- Really, guy whose face
looks like roadkill?
You're giving advice on
pitching to a client?
- Yeah, I thought it might
be a bit more helpful
than ripping him a new one.
- I doubt it.
You pitch like you have sex;
badly and never.
- Mo.
- Nice.
(Everyone groans)
- Oh God, this is glandular.
This is a real problem.
- You look like a Manatee
at a wet t-shirt concert.
- Look... forget this!
- (Laughs) Oh ho!
Come on, Carl, relax.
- Carl, you okay?
Mo, Jesus.
Boy: (on TV) I'm scared.
Girl: (On TV) Well, I'm hungry.
- Hey.
So should I be Brave Corn...y?
Gravy Corn?
(Anne whinnies)
- You wanna play?
- Yeah, sure.
If you want me to we can...
(Anne whinnies) Hey look,
I am here, let's play.
- Can we just finish
this episode?
-Yep, sure. Yep, that's fine.
Boy: Okay, on the count
of three
let's put our horns
together and sing.
Boy and girl: One, two, three.
- How's that a dungeon?
- Uh, that's where Meany Corn
lives. In the clouds.
He has them locked up.
- You can't lock somebody
in a cloud.
Clouds aren't solid,
you can walk through a cloud.
You know that, right?
Boy: Quick, give me a boost.
Girl: Well, climb on.
- Why does she need a boost?
She's a horse, she can jump.
- She's not a horse, Mom,
she's a unicorn.
- Okay, so don't unicorns
have magical powers?
I mean that skill set could
come in really handy--
- Mom, if you don't like
the show
then don't watch it with me.
- Okay. God.
(Clears throat)
I'm just gonna excuse
myself then.
I'll be right back.
Boy: Don't forget the sugar
cubes!
- So let me just make sure
to hit record.
- What do you want me to say?
- Just talk about how blessed
you feel
being married to a stay
at home dad.
- Right.
- Ready?
(Record button beeps)
And action.
- My name is Jenny Mathews.
I'm married to a stay
at home dad.
My husband stays at home
with our daughter
and watches her grow
and I go to work, it's great.
- Cut. Cut. Okay.
Honey, I understand that
you're not a, you know,
a natural performer,
but it's starting to come off
a little sarcastic.
- Uh-ha.
- Do you know what you need?
A scene partner.
Come on. And up.
All right, let's try it again,
except this time look deep
into Zoe's eyes
and speak from the heart. Okay?
Ready? And action.
- My husband watches our
daughter and I go to work
where I find myself feeling
like I'm searching
for something,
but I don't even know
what it is.
I come home from work
to find my husband
bonding with my daughter
in ways I always imagined
I would bond with her
and then I, I feel like--
- Cut. Cut.
Okay. Um, Honey, no ones
is gonna want to donate
if they're getting a negative
vibe, right?
It's a little heavy.
So why don't we make it a
little bit more about me.
- Right. So, like, less honest.
- Yes, exactly! Thank you.
Okay, perfect.
Let's record and... action.
- (Exasperated breath)
- Alice, come over here.
(Paper crinkles,
footsteps thud)
- Mom, why are you sick
all the time?
- Uh, because I have perpetual
indigestion--
it doesn't matter
just sit down.
- But there is another episode.
- Sit.
- (Irritated huff)
- You see this?
- Yeah, I see it.
- We're gonna make one
of these.
- Why?
- What do you mean why?
Because it's pretty.
- Can we make a unicorn
instead?
- No.
- Why not?
- Because we're making a bird.
And because I don't know
how to make a unicorn.
Alice, come on, it'll be fun.
...and so you fold it over
diagonally.
Uh, no. Honey...
Diagonally. The corners have
to meet up.
- Like this?
- No, the corners have
to be flush.
- What's flush?
- It's when they line up.
You have to pay attention
to detail.
- I'm trying.
- Are you?
Because if you're not gonna
do it right
you might as well crumple up
your paper.
- You mean like this?
(Paper crinkles)
(Paper thuds)
- Are you hungry?
- Yeah.
- Congratulations Frankie.
- Put her there.
- Wait, wait, you sold that
turd?
- Hey, man, one persons turd
is another persons house.
- Did she go inside?
- Did she smell the back room,
I mean it smells like salmon.
- Guys, what I sold her
was a new beginning.
A salmon scented new beginning.
- Seriously, Frankie, good job.
- You keep it up, you'll be
employee of the month.
- We have employee of the month?
- Oh, no. (Laughs)
But if we did...
- Hey G.
Giselle: Frankie,
this isn't a good time.
- Yeah, I know you're busy,
but I just want to call
and tell you that--
Giselle: Okay, okay, Rhoda.
- I got some good news.
- I've got to go.
- I sold the... house...
What was that? She hung up.
She's...she's kind of busy
right now.
She's really happy for me
though.
- We're happy for you too.
- Thanks.
(Heavy exhale)
(Phone buzzes)
- Hmm?
Oh, fuck.
(Sighs)
Carl?
- Kate. Hey. Hey, uh...
what's up?
- Hey, man, look I'm sorry
about what Mo said in there.
He was, he was being a jerk.
- (Laughs) Yeah, no,
he just kinda poked
a couple of my sore
spots there.
- Like your face? (Laughs)
- Yeah.
- Oh, don't... I'm sorry.
I know you're going through
a divorce
and that's gotta be hard.
- Oh, if you...
if only that was it.
I figured it was time
to move on,
so I went online
and I fell in love.
- Oh my God, Carl,
that's great.
- No, no, that's not great,
Kate. I...
I got catfished.
- Oh no.
- Yeah, it turns out this girl
named Tina
is actually a guy named
Phoenix.
- Well, that, that can happen
to anybody.
It's like, I see something
and I wanna tell Tina,
but hey, guess what, buddy?
You can't tell Tina,
you can only tell Phoenix
because Tina doesn't exist.
- Oh. Oh-no, eh,
oh God, it's okay.
Oh no.
(Carl sobs)
- Hey, Buddy, look,
for the record,
I think you are a really sweet,
really smart guy.
- Well, thanks, Kate.
You know you're really good
at this job.
- Thank you.
- I don't know why they gave Mo
the Montreal gig.
- What?
♪♪♪
♪ I do it alone ♪
♪ So I'm lonely ♪
- Babe, I got my first donation.
A hundred bucks!
I'm taking you out for dinner.
Wait, no, I'm gonna put it
towards the movie.
♪♪♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh... ♪
♪ Are you scared
to tell somebody ♪
♪ How you feel
about somebody ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Are you scared what
somebody's gonna think ♪
♪♪♪
Oh,
♪ Are you scared to wear your
heart out on your sleeve ♪
(Both laugh)
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Are you scared of me ♪
♪ Because I'm scared ♪
♪ That death's gonna
take me away ♪
(Key turns, engine
and radio turn off)
(Cell phone buzzes)
(Knocking)
Kate: (Laughs)
(Door locks unlock)
- Hey, lady, you lost?
- What are you doing out there?
- Ah, just getting
some fresh air.
- Mmhmm. You smoking?
- (Grumbles) Vaping actually.
- Dad, is that weed?
- Oil extract. Want some?
- Yeah, I'm good.
- Ooh.
- Mm?
- You seem like you're down
in a trough.
Care to share? What is it?
- I'm, I'm just tired.
- Oh.
Hey, what about the Montreal
thing, any word?
- Actually, um...
I just found out
they gave it to Mo.
- The weeper?!
- No, that's Carl.
- The teenage zorp?
- Dad, that's Chad.
- Ridiculous.
Why your boss would want so
many boys with the same name
in that office, is beyond me.
How'd he tell you?
- Who, Richard? He didn't,
I found out from Carl.
The Weeper.
- Well, Don't un-count your
chickens
before you know they're dead.
Just wait 'till you hear it
directly from Richard.
- Yeah, maybe.
- And, Nathan, does he
know what's happening?
Oh, you have to have
a talk with him.
I mean, a real talk.
Secrets in a marriage
are like fleas in a bed;
you can leave them to fester,
they'll both have you sleeping
on the couch.
- Fair enough.
- Oh, I better get back inside.
I told your mom
I was making a call,
but I just remembered
my phone's in her purse.
- (Laughs)
Sounds like a secret.
- Well, what do you want for
nothing.
Just do as I say,
don't do as I do.
- Okay.
- You coming?
- In a minute. Will you pretend
you haven't seen me?
- What? Seen who?
- (Kate laughs)
Love you, Dad.
(Smooching kiss)
- You too, Honey.
(Door slams shut)
(Console beeps, music plays)
♪ Put on my best dress ♪
♪ I wanted to impress ♪
♪ I put a little make-up on ♪
♪ Put a bow in my hair ♪
♪ Wore pretty underwear ♪
♪ Hoping you might take it off ♪
♪ Don't know your etiquette ♪
♪ But I'm strapped to my chair ♪
♪ And it ain't 'cause
you're pretty ♪
♪ You were charming ♪
♪ Until you saw your chance
to kill ♪
♪ Your chance to make history ♪